HOMEWORK ASSIGNMENT 1:  CODE REFACTOR 

The Assignment at hand:

This weeks task was to tackle one of the most important aspects of web devlopment, accessibility .  With technology taking on a bigger role in daily life, web accessibility has become more and more important to businesses.  It can not only help them avoid litigation for not providing for the disabled but it also helps better position their sites on search engines.  The task at hand this week was to refactor a code for a company in order to meet new technilogical advances in accessibility.  Refactoring means to imporve the code without changing its function.  The use of html semantics and cleaning up the css code to make it all work as before was the goal in this assignment.  The comments I added are aimed to help direct another developer to be able to work more efficiently.  They are labeling what section and area the css is for.  

This was a diffcult task.  Being new to web development and all it's parts I had a slow start to things.  Once we reviewed the semantics in class it opened everything up and I had a better understanding of it all.  What I took away from this assignment was that semantics are in place for a couple of reasons.  They help organize the code for any developer to be able to work on it, and they help with search engines specfics when searching for keywords.  I also learned that comments are very important to keep the flow of things moving when updating a set of code.  It's essentailly an outline of what is happening in the code, this allows any developer to pin point the area of concern and work at a faster pace.  Along with that I learned that adding a reset.css file to all websites allows it to be uniform across any browser.  
